[\[Return to blog\]](index.md) [\[Home\]](../index.md)

## Plans for 2022: The lerning journey continues

As part of the continuous improvement and enjoyment of one's learning
road, i tend to search for references and archetypes in the current
cs trends and advances. While im college (studying towards electronics),
i looked up to pursue a masters in bio-engineering and focus on
microelectronics, circuits and analog design, striving to keep on learning
and focusing my job searching efforts to electronic-related positions.

However, as time passes, i started shifting my curiosity towards cs-related
content. Both as a way to keep expanding my knowledge in the same previous way
i did for electronics and also to truly push to the core of key concepts and
find enjoyment and that "that-actually-makes-sense" feeling of things.

As 2022 unwraps, i decided to continue the data related path but not limiting
myself to the strictly straighted arrow line of things. While finishing
my second masters year, i want to mainly focus on the following three:

### Data World

Mainly data-engineering, science and analysis of data (50-30-20 if i had to put
it in a percentual manner). Because the job and the thesis hover around data,
i still think i have plenty to learn and to improve. Python became my mainly
bread and butter and reading and scripting in SQL is very familiar. I took
classes in R and overall used notebooks last semester.

On the tooling side of things, i plan on using the cloud infamous trio (aws,
gcp, azure) in order to develop some personal projects. I really dig the
front end aspect of things and believe in the satisfaction of an extra 
polished visual feedback so i will try to end all my pipelines in some
web app using react or any frontend framework available.

### Rust

I enjoy this thing. Really, most everything around this topic is truly
something. The way it unravels itself as a memory safe high speed language,
the cargo system and its funny comparisons to C++ and Go. I got the
opportuniy to get a copy of Jon Gjenset's "Rust for Rustaceans" and a copy of
Nichols and Klabnik "The rust programming language" and i've been toying around
the beginner topics for a while now. I've recently started ownership so, lets
hope that goes well.

### Cloud

I can't say im a fan of backend software engineering but i'm not either
strange myself. In the last masters project, i contributed mainly in the front
side of things while keeping a mid approach to services development, MVCs, and
continuous deployment. I mainly focus my web-development needs to markdown,
html css some js related stuff and react, so a part of me thinks i should
get a better understandment of backend before moving onto cloud. However,
the versatility of some aws components and tha RANGE of applications it can
cover appears really attractive. Not only i would not like myself to limit
my choices to a certain stack (say MERN, MEAN, Django firebase yada yada) but
to also explore the cloud components as pieces of the many possible pipelines
(web dev, data related project, services, etc) to keep exploring the cs product
cloud lifecycle and not be afraid to traverse towards the specific needed tool
if the time arises.

TLDR: I like my data and webdev projects to be in the cloud

### Wrapping this thing up

I closed my terminal by accident before saving all the previous stuff but vim
saved my life, i encourage everyone out there to keep on learning and trying
every new stuff that feels like putting a smile on your face whenever you can.
See you next time!
