[\[Return to blog\]](index.md) [\[Home\]](../index.md)

## Building stuff

Between staring at a blank canvas and working rapidly through a sort of half
baked idea.

I find it hard to build without a bursty spike of motivation lately. Short
spans of accelerated focus and a mix of freeform plus visualization feel way
more attractive than a 5-month milestone. Dangling are ideas of balancing
a work ethic and getting the creative antennas properly fine tunned to the
source.

Deep work has been somehow a gateaway. The headphones yet half placed leaving
an open ear in case life decides to enter through the window. Comparison
a part of life and the orbiting better projects and people tend to be hard to
ignore. Have you had a feeling you need to be excruciatingly organized
before actually start to perform?

### limabikeright

The idea of a better deserving biking path for lima. The one we truly deserve
as villagers of the city. Connecting access points, landscapes, museums and
places. Acting as glue for people, enabling jobs, meetings, safety and speed
to the population

### ilov3music

mp3 on the go. Ease of useability, portability is a plus but how to add, mix
and flow through your songs is a breeze

### Elmotion

Control is king. Sitting here (controller), top of the fucking world. Fine 
tuned control that makes you wonder where else would you want to go. Combo
of smashbros + animal crossing 3D movement for a robot circuit inside of an
Elmo shaped-chasis. 30' Battery, smooth wireless control, acceleration and
de-acceleration, jumps, sprints and collision avoidance. Fine grained control
Maybe a grab, but otherwise a exploring machine

### toysmaketoysmake

a toy that makes itself

